Once upon a time, in a small village, there lived
a man named John. He was a farmer who worked hard
every day, rain or shine. His farm was not very
big, but it was enough to support his family.
John's wife, Mary, was a very kind woman who
always helped her neighbors when they needed it.
One day, John decided to go to the market to sell
some of his vegetables. He loaded up his cart and
began his journey. The road was bumpy and it was
hard to keep the cart from tipping over. Finally,
he arrived at the market and set up his stall.  As
he was arranging his vegetables, a young girl
approached him. "Sir, can you please give me some
vegetables? I don't have any money to buy food,"
she said. John felt sorry for the girl and gave
her some carrots and potatoes. She thanked him and
went away happily.  The day went on, and John sold
most of his vegetables. He made a good profit and
was happy with his earnings. However, as he was
packing up to leave, he noticed that his wallet
was missing. He searched everywhere but couldn't
find it. He was very upset and didn't know what to
do.  Just then, the young girl he had helped
earlier came back. "Sir, I saw a man take your
wallet. He ran towards the forest," she said. John
thanked the girl and rushed to the forest. After
searching for a while, he found the man who had
taken his wallet. John confronted him and got his
wallet back.  John was very grateful to the young
girl. He gave her some more vegetables and some
money to buy food. From that day on, John always
remembered to be kind and help others, just like
the young girl had helped him.